how many terminals are there at Heathrow
Airport well I'm gonna say five there
three are on the airport so the other
two I'm further away it's at what is
this no it's that there are four there
is no terminal one yes sign is incorrect
terminal 1 closed down in 2015 and all
flights were diverted to terminal 2 sad
really because when it opened in 1969 it
was the biggest passenger terminal in
the whole of Western Europe and by the
end sort of tragic there were like five
shops and 20 planes and they did it to
expand tumultous there is no longer I'm
always on about building a third runway
they could just get the one out of one
but a runway in a terminal has anybody
here heard of tunnel six
oh is that the one you run at and if
you're a wizard you get through
supposedly reserved for famous people
Royals heads of stations have you been
in it I have never it is a posh lunch
behind an unmarked door in a tunnel when
you fly do you get whisked off like yeah
not within all you have to pay its two
thousand seven hundred and fifty pounds
plus v80 could any of us get whisked
family but he could get whisked anybody
at all as long as you've got the money
so you pay that on top of your normal
ticket yeah there's no shops there at
all but but you know big brands like
deal will bring stuff to you and what I
love is you get taken to the plane by
BMW so you have been whisked I've read
em salivated
[Music]